HERO TITLE:How to become a Member Airline
HEADING: An Airline may be eligible to become member of the IATP if:
TEXT: It has been granted an air operator’s certificate (AOC) by a civil aviation authority (CAA).
It is fit, willing and able to act as Provider at not less than one station in respect of each group in which it wishes to participate.
It has familiarized itself with the procedures and practices of pooling.
At stations within its own country the pooling of technical facilities or services under this Agreement is not in any way restricted or prohibited.

HEADING: If an airline satisfies the conditions above and wishes to join the organization the following procedures are to be followed:
TEXT: All decisions concerning the admission of new parties shall be taken at a Consolidated Meeting.
The applicant shall submit a Letter of Application and a Standard Application Form (see Annex "A") to the Advisory Committee Membership Coordinator. Full documentation must be received at least 60 days prior the start of the Consolidated Meeting for the season in which the airline desires to be admitted.
The Advisory Committee Membership Coordinator, having ascertained that the form has been fully completed, shall send a copy thereof to all parties.

SECTION: The applicant shall be admitted as a party to this Agreement when: 90% of the members present at the Consolidated Meeting (whether in person or by proxy) vote to accept the applicant as a member of IATP and The applicant has executed and lodged with the Custodian a counterpart of this Agreement.

A party to this Agreement may become a member of any pool group upon receiving the approval of the members of that group. A standard Application Form shall first be submitted to the group chairman (unless such form has already been submitted in respect of that group under the foregoing provisions of this Article) and the chairman shall send a copy to each group member. The applicant shall become a member of the group upon receiving the approval of 90% of the members of the group present at the meeting (whether in person or by proxy) at which the vote is taken.