Events

The IATP Semi-annual Conference offers a multitude of events that allow attendees to connect with over 130 airlines from around the world. This unique venue gives you the opportunity to conduct your pooling business – whether it's spare parts or line maintenance – in the most efficient manner while allowing you to share your industry knowledge, network, reunite with colleagues, and much more!


Info
The 133rd IATP Conference will be held in Malta on 7 – 11 March 2026!
IATP Team is working on all the arrangements as well as the membership growth and hopes to welcome new potential members and observers at the Conference.

APU (Auxiliary Power Unit) Project Group
Following the encouraging feedback received during the meeting held at the Bali conference regarding the potential launch of APU as a new IATP pool group, a dedicated project group is now actively developing the initiative. We encourage all members interested in providing or using APUs to contact the IATP Office for more information and to get involved.

Engines Pool Group
We take the opportunity to remind you about the Engines Pool group, aimed to help the IATP member Airlines to resolve quickly, efficiently and with competitive fees unscheduled engine removals. More information about this initiative will be given during the Engines Pool Group meeting at the conference.

AOG Speed Meetings
As usual, two AOG speed meetings sessions will be organized during the conference:

Airline-to-Airline
Airline-to-Associate Member
The speed meetings will enable the delegates to meet other counterparts, exchange contact details, and briefly check the support opportunities between the companies with the aim to solve AOG situations, when no pooling could be set up in advance.

Introduction Sessions for Newcomers
First-time attendees and all delegates who would like to refresh their knowledge on IATP-related activities will have the chance to attend our Introduction Sessions:

Introduction to Parts Pooling
Introduction to Aircraft Recovery
Introduction to IATP Invoicing
Senior Delegate Familiarization Session
The re-engineering of the IATP Platform, executed by Crystal Airlines Solutions and overseen by the office team, continues to progress. Crystal remains on track to present the platform at the Malta Conference and to move it into production once the Summer Season 2026 begins. During the 133rd IATP Conference, two dedicated sessions “New Platform Presentation” will be organized to introduce the new platform. We look forward to showcasing this important milestone in Malta.

Important Reminders:

Registration is open until January 30 – don’t miss the deadline!
Guest and Pionair payments must be done online during registration.
Please ensure you apply for a visa in advance, if required.
We look forward to meeting you in St. Julian's, Malta!

Upcoming Events

The next IATP Conference will take place on 7 – 11 March 2026 in St. Julian’s, Malta. We look forward to meeting you there! 133rd IATP Conference
St. Julian’s, Malta
7 - 11 March 2026

SECTION: PRACTICAL INFORMATION
Important Dates

2 December 2025
First day to register for conference


12 January 2026
Last day for payment without penalty for Associate Members


30 January 2026
Cut-off date for the hotel booking and last day for online registration

Conference Information

For detailed information about the 133rd IATP Conference, please see the conference documentation below (PDF Documents):

IATP Conference Schedule/Dress Code
IATP Meetings Explanation
IATP Meeting Access Matrix
Hotel Meeting Rooms Map
Code of Conduct conference attendance
If you need a general Conference invitation letter from the IATP CEO, please send your request to info@iatp.com

If you need an invitation letter for VISA application, you will find the instructions in the Message Center after logging in to the IATP Platform. For non-platform users, the information is displayed on the bottom of the Registration Form.

To collect your IATP badge upon arrival and for any additional information on the 133rd IATP Conference, please go to the IATP Secretariat located at Inter Continental hotel in the meeting room Saturn (Level 2).

SECTION: LOCATION INFORMATION
Visa Requirements
Source: Government of Malta

Non-EU citizens (also known as third-country nationals) may visit Malta by means of a Schengen visa, which allows free movement within the whole Schengen Zone to European Union Schengen members as well as EFTA Schengen members. A Schengen visa is valid for a maximum of 90 days within every six-month period starting from the date of entry.

Please refer to https://consularplus.gov.mt/visa-advice?lang=null to receive additional information regarding requirements for your nationality/passport.

If a VISA application is required, third-country nationals are obliged to apply for a visa at the following EU (European Union) Diplomatic Missions and Consular posts, which issue visas in representation of Malta, where Malta has no Diplomatic Mission or Consular post. This website could provide additional information: https://identita.gov.mt/central-visa-unit-sec-page-schengen-visa/.

If you need an invitation letter for VISA application, you will find the instructions in the Message Center after logging in to the IATP Platform. For non-platform users, the information is displayed on the bottom of the Registration Form.

Electricity

Malta's power sockets deliver an average voltage of 230 v /- 10%. The frequency of the supply is 50 hertz.
It’s recommended to bring an adaptor to use your electrical appliances.

Malta uses the type G plug: it has three rectangular pins in a triangular pattern.

Time

Malta uses Central European Standard Time (CET), which is 1 hour ahead of Greenwich Mean Time (GMT +1).

Currency:

Malta’s currency is the Euro (€/EUR).
The Euro coin series comprises eight different denominations: 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 and 50 cent, €1 and €2.
The Euro coins have a common side and a national side. The national side indicates the issuing country

SECTION:HOTEL INFO AND BOOKING
Hotel Info & Booking
InterContinental Hotel Malta
St. George's Bay, St. Julian's STJ 3310 Malta
Front desk: +356-21-377600
Email: malta@ihg.com

Hotel General link (not to be used for room booking):
https://www.ihg.com/intercontinental/hotels/gb/en/malta/malha/hoteldetail?cm_mmc=GoogleMaps-_-IC-_-MT-_-MALHA

BOOKING

Room Categories and Negotiated Rates – IATP Contribution already deducted
Rates are quoted in EURO (€) per room, per night.
Breakfast, high speed Wi-Fi, service charge and relevant taxes are included.
Classic Room	Single Use	125 EUR	
Payment own account.

Please register for the conference on the IATP platform to receive the room booking link.

The link will be reported in your registration confirmation email.
Double Use	150 EUR
Club Room	Single Use	215 EUR
Double Use	240 EUR
Cut-off date for the hotel booking is 30 January 2026. After this date the rate and/or availability of the rooms are not guaranteed.

Should you encounter any kind of difficulties with your booking, or have any special request (other room category, triple occupancy, stay extension,…), please do not hesitate to contact:

- InterContinental Malta Reservation Department
- Email: malta.reservations@ihg.com
- Direct phone number: +356 2376 5400
Only 1 room booking per Delegate is allowed. Make sure to correctly enter your personal information (Name, Family Name, email address, phone number)
Remark:

To receive the booking link for the room reservation, please register for the conference on the IATP platform. Your conference registration confirmation email will contain the link to reserve the hotel at the negotiated rate.
Credit card will be required to guarantee your booking.
Check-In & Check-out:

Check-In 15:00
Check-Out 12:00 (noon)
Cancellation Policy:

No cancellation charge until 5th of February 2026
Cancellations received between 5th of February until 3 days prior to arrival subject 1 (one) night cancellation charge
Cancellation received less than 3 days prior to arrival and no-shows hall be charged the equivalent of the total value of the booking
HOTEL INFORMATION:

   	
InterContinental Malta has established itself as the Mediterranean’s leading hotel of distinction, located in the prime area of St. George’s Bay, in St Julian's, just 7 kilometers from Valletta. All bedrooms are elegantly furnished, having all the comforts expected of a luxury property. With a variety of restaurants and bars, the hotel offers varied cuisine at all times of day. The hotel’s leisure facilities include three pools, kids club, fitness center, spa, beach club and room service.

Facility
19 Floors
481 Rooms
24 hour business center
Laundry and dry cleaning
Swimming pool
Fully-equipped gym
Spa
Room Service
Hair Salon
Currency Exchange

Internet Access
Available

Parking
Available, at a charge

Pet Policy
Only dogs allowed, pet fee per night 49 EUR, pet weight limit 25 KG

Please check the hotel’s website for details on the offered amenities.

ROOM FEATURES

Sleek and elegant rooms feature comfortable beds, spacious bathrooms, and private balconies.
Room size from 35m2
Workspace
In-room safe
Air conditioning
Hair dryer
Television
Coffee maker
Bath amenities

RESTAURANTS

At InterContinental Malta, one can choose from a variety of restaurants offering a varied local international cuisine at all times of day, both indoor and al fresco.

Harruba
Cuisine: continental
The breakfast venue of InterContinental Malta, where each morning begins with an experience designed to inspire. Indulge in a vibrant buffet where international favourites meet local flavours, from freshly baked pastries and seasonal fruits to live stations and wholesome choices. Surrounded by an elegant and welcoming atmosphere, Harruba transforms breakfast into a refined ritual, setting the tone for a day filled with energy, elegance, and discovery.

Waterbiscuit Restaurant
Cuisine: international
Waterbiscuit offers a gastronomic experience to delight all with a charming and contemporary atmosphere and enthusiastically accomplished cuisine, using the freshest Mediterranean ingredients. Meanwhile, at the Waterbiscuit Bar, dining may be enjoyed throughout the day, though ultimately the cocktails enjoy the limelight and each creation seeks to exceed the wildest expectations.

Paranga
is the hotel’s seaside restaurant, set on teak decking adjacent to the rippling Mediterranean Sea. The menu offers a superb array of stimulating and diverse Sicilian flavors interpreted from a traditional or contemporary style. Local fishermen deliver fresh fish and shellfish daily, which may be enjoyed with ideally selected and impeccably paired wine, aperitif or digestif.


The Brass Bar
Bar is located in the hotel lobby and is continuously seeking ways to push boundaries and challenge the beverage culture status quo locally.


Lubelli – Neapolitan Pizzeria and Birreria
is home to the most authentic and scrumptious Neapolitan Pizza, along with some exclusive beer. Set right next to St George’s Bay, Lubelli is the place to be when it comes to your pizza cravings! Open for lunch and dinner.


The Opal Lounge
Cuisine: international
InterContinental Malta launches another addition to make the premium lounge experience accessible for everyone, and it is called 'The Opal Lounge'. From Al Fresco breakfast to pre dinner cocktails under the stars, from a range of entertainment services to Netflix binging, there is so much to do at The Opal Lounge.


Narcis Pool Bar
Cuisine: international
Set next to the lagoon style, outdoor pool on the hotel's 10th floor, the Narcis Pool Bar and Grill offers summer dining complemented by panoramic sea views. You can savour enticing Mediterranean inspired grill dishes as you cool off in the shade with a refreshing cocktail.


SKYBEACH Rooftop Infinity Pool
Cuisine: international
Relax and let the world pass by with stunning island views, the Mediterranean Sea views and a rooftop infinity pool as a company. All are located on the 19th floor of the hotel.

TRANSPORT TO/FROM HOTEL

Malta International Airport (MLA)
Distance 12 KM / 7.5 MI
You can reach the hotel by:

Taxi - Approximate charge: 30/35€
Uber, Bolt and Ecabs - Approximate charge: 15/20€


SECTION: CONFERENCE REGISTRATION
Conference Registration
IATP members please LOGIN to register.
Non-IATP members please submit registration request using the form.
Please note: Guest and Pionairs registration fees should be paid compulsory to the conference registration through Stripe, hence a Debit/Credit Card, Bank account or PayPal account will be required.