November 1st, 2025 - In Bali, Indonesia, 6 Airlines and 1 Associate Member joined IATP
During the 132nd IATP Conference, six (6) new airlines – Copa (CM), Iberojet (E9), Eurowings (EW), Air Arabia (G9), Omni Air (OY), and VietJet (VJ) – and one (1) Associate Member – Hangar 901 – joined the IATP, enabling the organization to reach a new record of 142 Member Airlines and 45 Associate Members.

Aprill 1st, 2025 - In Panama City, Panama, 3 Airlines and 1 Associate Member joined IATP
During the 131st IATP Conference, three (3) new airlines – Maersk Air Cargo (DJ), Riyadh Air (RX) and Tway Air (TW) – and one (1) Associate Member – Air Partner – joined the IATP, enabling the organization to reach a new record of 138 Member Airlines and 44 Associate Members.

November 1st, 2024 - In Cairo, Egypt, 5 new Airlines joined IATP
During the 130th IATP Conference Opening session, five airlines – Azul (AD), China Central Longhao (GI), AirCalin (SB), Uganda Airlines (UR) and IndiGo (6E) joined IATP, enabling the organization to reach a new record of 135 Member Airlines. We warmly welcome them onboard!

Aprill 1st, 2024 - In Guangzhou, China, 3 Airlines and 3 Associate Members joined IATP
During the 129th IATP Conference Opening session, three airlines – AIRASIA X BERHAD (D7), Transavia (TO) and Vueling (VY) – and 3 Associate Members (AerCap Materials, ANA Trading, PAPAS) joined IATP, enabling the organization to reach a new record of 133 Member Airlines and 43 Associate Members. We warmly welcome them onboard!

March 1st, 2024 - IATP Engine Pooling launch
After years of research and efforts, Guangzhou saw the launch of the IATP Engine Pooling: it is a short-term lease dedicated to unscheduled engine removal. The goal of this additional pooling section, is to help the Airline to resolve quickly and efficiently these very critical situations. In fact, by having a pre-arranged contractual framework implying all legal aspects and pre-defined logistic steps, the IATP Engine pooling aims to allow the engine shipment in 24 hours from the initial request. By paying a monthly engine participation fee, the Member Airlines may also count on guaranteed engine availability. The engine types include regional, narrow body and wide body aircrafts. At this first step IATP only counts on one engine provider; the team is working to add more lessors.